this is called gun control and it's by
Lori I apologize in advance for what I'm
about to do sleek away Burkhardt and
it's 40 counts it's two walls it's a
high improver low intermediate it has no
tags no restarts however it goes to the
music put the gun down by ZZ ward and
this is a terrific song I am very
excited about this this is a really fun
dance and in addition if you do Jr
Willis and Scott jr. Willis's take you
home this is a really good floor split
for that song that date goes goes really
well with this song as well so I'm going
to actually want to do two things I'm
gonna demo a little bit for you and then
I'm going to show you a group dancing
the dance from the cowboy up workshop
this past weekend our friend Steve
Carrell found this dance and taught it
and it's really fun so I'm gonna do a
demo for you and I'm also going to show
you a demo of it being done in the club
and then I'm gonna walk
control 40 counts to walls you start out
with a weight on the left foot we're
gonna do heel hook with the right foot
now shuffle forward right left right
right left right we're gonna rock
recover with the left Rock and then we
cover on the right and now we're gonna
do a shuffle back left right left left
right left
that's your first verse of eight there
are one two three four five verses of
eight so it's heel hook shuffle rock
recover shuffle I didn't do it with the
count did I here we go 1 2 3 & 4 5 6 7 &
the next verse of 8 she calls them hips
ways backwards and this is one of those
situations where you can put as much as
you want to we're basically going in a
step back and touch back in touch back
and touch back and touch and you can put
as much attitude as you like there with
the count on that it's 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
your weight ends up on your left foot
we're gonna do two kickin points so
we're gonna kick our right point our
left kick and point do the other side
kick and point your weights on your left
foot we're going to do a sailor step
behind step step we're gonna do a half
turn sailor step behind turn step so
that is eight cast the kicking points in
the sailors is your third verse of eight
so it's one and two three and four five
and six seven and eight and your weight
those to your left foot the next verse
of 8r diagonally traveling toe struts so
it's right toe left toe right toe left
toe that should be eight counts so it's
one two three four six seven eight your
weight ends up on your left foot you're
kind of at a diagonal so we're gonna do
a little cheetah cheek here we're gonna
step over with our right but we're kind
of making a quarter turn now we're going
to do a half turn and your weight goes
to your left foot make sure that's
correct now we're gonna walk forward
right left right left and then we're
going to do a quarter turn and just do
some sway so it's turn sway sway I think
that was right with the cab let me see
so we just did our toe struts so it's
one two three four five six seven eight
I think I did my slaves alone too fast
let's do that again
with the toe struts we just did the toe
strut so it's step half turn walk walk
turn sway and sway and your weight ends
up on your left foot and you're ready to
start again to wall dance
heel toe shuffle rock recover shuffle
back step back touch back touch back
touch back touch kick end point kick end
point sailor step sailor half turn toast
nuts three four five six seven eight
step turn walk walk
sway sway you can see that this dance
can have a lot of attitude and this song
is a very high attitude song so hope you
enjoy